DOCS-8625-WSC-examples-edits-kt (#923)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: web-service-consumer/1.6/modules/ROOT/pages/edits/web-service-consumer-examples.adoc

= Web Service Consumer Connector Examples - Mule 4

> The following example shows how to transform a variable value into XML and pass that value to the Web Service Consumer Connector that subsequently consumes a web service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to transform a variable value into XML and pass that value to the Web Service Consumer Connector that subsequently consumes a web service:
```

.Web Service Consumer Connector Example Flow
image::web-service-consumer-example1.png[Web Service Consumer Example Flow]

== Web Service Consumer Example in Anypoint Studio
To create the flow in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* > *Scheduler*.

> . Drag *Scheduler* component to the Studio canvas. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the *Scheduler* component to the Studio canvas. +
```

The *Scheduler* component initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met.
. Set the *Display Name* field to `Scheduler`.

> . Set the *Scheduling Strategy* to `Fixed Frequency`, *Frequency* to `1000`, *Start delay* to `0` and *Time unit* to `MILLISECONDS (Default)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set *Scheduling Strategy* to `Fixed Frequency`, *Frequency* to `1000`, *Start delay* to `0` and *Time unit* to `MILLISECONDS (Default)`.
```

In Studio, the *Scheduler* configuration looks like this:

.Scheduler Configuration
image::web-service-consumer-example2.png[Scheduler Configuration]

[start=5]
. Drag a *Set Variable* component onto the canvas, to the right of the *Scheduler* component. +
The *Set Variable* component creates the variable to be transformed into XML later in the flow.
. Set the *Display Name* field to `Set Variable`.
. Set *Name* to `variableSample` and *Value* to `test`.

In Studio, the *Set Variable* configuration looks like this:

.Set Variable Configuration
image::web-service-consumer-example3.png[Set Variable Configuration]

[start=8]
. Drag a *Transform Message* component onto the canvas, to the right of the *Set Variable* component. +
The *Transform Message* component transforms the variable value into XML.

> . In the *Output* field of the *Transform Message* component configuration, set the DataWeave expression that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Output* field of the *Transform Message* component configuration, set a DataWeave expression that:
```

* Transforms the variable value output to `application/xml`.

> * Defines the name of the web service operation that the Web Service Consumer aims to invoke `attachOperation`.

Reviewer: I got a bit confused by capping web service consumer (did you mean the connector name?) and the use of "aims to", so...:
```suggestion
* Defines the name of the web service operation invoked by `attachOperation`.
```
?

.DataWeave Expression
[source,xml,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
output application/xml
ns con http://service.soap.service.mule.org/
---
con#attachOperation: {
   text: vars.variableSample
}
----

In Studio, the *Transform Message* configuration looks like this:

.Transform Message Configuration
image::web-service-consumer-example4.png[Transform Message Configuration]

[start=10]

> . Drag the Web Service Consumer *Consume* operation onto the canvas, to the right of the *Transform Message* component. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the *Consume* operation onto the canvas, to the right of the *Transform Message* component. +
```

. Set the *Display Name* field to `Consume`.

> . Set the *Operation* to `attachOperation` and the *Body* message to `payload`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set *Operation* to `attachOperation` and the *Body* message to `payload`.
```

> . In the *Message Customization* section of the *Advanced* tab, enable the option *Force XML Prolog into body* to append the XML Prolog into the envelope's body XML content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Message Customization* section of the *Advanced* tab, enable the option *Force XML Prolog into body* to append the XML prolog to the content of the envelope's body XML.
```

In Studio, the *Consume* operation configuration looks like this:

.Consume Operation Configuration
image::web-service-consumer-example5.png[Consume Operation Configuration]

In Studio, the *XML Prolog* configuration looks like this:

.Configure XML Prolog into Body
image::web-service-consumer-xmlprolog.png[Configure XML Prolog into Body]

[start=14]

> . On the *General* tab,  click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the *Global Element Properties* configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *General* tab, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the *Global Element Properties* configuration.
```

. On the *Connection* section of the *General* tab, configure the following parameters:
* *WSDL location* +

> The WSDL file URL remote or local.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WSDL file URL, remote or local.
```
OR
```suggestion
The remote or local WSDL file URL
```

* *Service* +

> The service name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service name
```

* *Port* +

> The port name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The port name
```

* *Address* +

> The address of the web server to dispatch requests but if the *Service* and *Port* parameters don't auto-populate the web server address, you must manually provide the correct *Address*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The address of the web server to dispatch requests if the *Service* and *Port* parameters did not automatically provide this value. 
```

. Click *OK*.

In Studio, the *Global Element Properties* configuration looks like this:

.Web Service Consumer Configuration
image::web-service-consumer-example6.png[Web Service Consumer Configuration]

[start=17]
. Save your changes in Studio.
. Deploy the application.

== Web Service Consumer Example in XML

> In the *Configuration XML* tab in Studio, the XML looks as follows. If needed, change the values to reflect your environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the *Configuration XML* tab in Studio, the XML looks like this (if needed, change the values to reflect your environment):
```

Reviewer: ...or however Diane words it. I think it's a little different from what you had originally.
